Hello dear lovers of scale
models and just those who watch my
video today i want to show you
very much in my opinion a unique model
this old model she was produced with 85
88 year this car gull gaz-14 and
What is unique about this model is that
This model itself was produced by Gorky
the plant is the same factory that manufactured
real cars brand seagull and
of course he is very sad fate that
all molds everything was destroyed and
also repeated the fate and
and production models are also all
molds and everything was irrevocable
destroyed and
and now many collectors have left
such models and I do not know myself some
people who wish to purchase such
model despite the fact that it is made
quite rude and the model itself
she is made of metal she is very
heavy
the bottom of the model is also made of
metal is all very massive and made
pretty rude but somehow gives this
models some charm and even such
charm model has separate
turn signals they are made of
orange plastic
and it is not transparent separate
front bumper
grille and headlights they are made
solid detail and grille
there are small holes the model has
very massive
wheels rubber with large tread
separate rear lights separate rear
bumper and
in this model, it has a red interior and
black dashboard and model she
in general it looks like some kind of
armor tank me here and modern model
seagulls and on country with her this model she
perceived as some kind of monster
This model has
open trunk try to open
there is a spare wheel
opening hood keeps me pretty
there is an imitation engine
a car is written on the bottom of the model
made in the USSR and Gorky
car factory is such a massive
fastening screw for big screwdriver
made so very powerful solid that
I don’t know this model if it falls
from somewhere I think nothing with her
there will be such an interesting car
I like it very much and many people have it
there are collections too and I know people
who are not even going to change it
what else and thank you for your attention this
there was an overview of the gull model and see you on
next video